feat(vite-plugin-nitro): add support for XML content in API routes (#518)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/api/overview.md

export default defineEventHandler(() => ({ message: 'Hello World' }));
```

> ### Defining XML Content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defining XML Content
```

> If you want to create an RSS feed for your site, you can set the `content-type` to be `text/xml` and Analog will correctly serve up the correct content type for the route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an RSS feed for your site,  set the `content-type` to be `text/xml` and Analog serves up the correct content type for the route.
```

```ts
//server/routes/rss.xml.ts

import { defineEventHandler } from 'h3';
export default defineEventHandler((event) => {
  const feedString = `<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss version="2.0">
</rss>
  `;
  event.node.res.setHeader('content-type', 'text/xml');
  event.node.res.end(feedString);
});
```

> **Note:** For SSG content, you can set Analog to prerender an API route to make it available as prerendered content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** For SSG content, set Analog to prerender an API route to make it available as prerendered content:
```

```ts
// vite.config.ts
...
prerender: {
  routes: async () => {
    return [
      ...

>       './api/rss.xml',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      '/api/rss.xml',
```

      ...
      .
    ];
  },
  sitemap: {
    host: 'https://analog-blog.netlify.app',
  },
},
```

> The XML will be available as a static XML document at `/dist/analog/public/api/rss.xml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XML is available as a static XML document at `/dist/analog/public/api/rss.xml`
```
